docs(sdk): Update migration guides (#473)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/relay-kit/reference/migrating-to-v3.md

# Migrating to v3

This guide references the major changes between v2 and v3 to help those migrating an existing app.

## Removing adapters

> We have removed the concept of adapters from the `protocol-kit` to simplify the library. Instead of using specific library adapters, we will now use an internal `SafeProvider` object to interact with the Safe. This `SafeProvider` will be created using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have removed the concept of adapters from the `protocol-kit` to simplify the library. Instead of using specific library adapters, we use now an internal `SafeProvider` object to interact with the Safe. This `SafeProvider` will be created using:
```

> - An Ethereum provider, an [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193) compatible provider, or an RPC URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An Ethereum provider, an [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193) compatible provider, or an RPC URL.
```

> - An optional signer that should be an address from the provider or a private key. If not provided, the first account of the provider (`eth_accounts`) will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An optional address of the signer that is connected to the provider or a private key. If not provided, the first account of the provider (`eth_accounts`) will be selected as the signer.
```
